Documentation/fsck-msgids.adoc, before:

`badDate`::
	(ERROR) Invalid date format in an author/committer line.

`badDateOverflow`::
	(ERROR) Invalid date value in an author/committer line.

`badEmail`::
	(ERROR) Invalid email format in an author/committer line.

`badFilemode`::
	(INFO) A tree contains a bad filemode entry.

`badName`::
	(ERROR) An author/committer name is empty.

`badObjectSha1`::
	(ERROR) An object has a bad sha1.

`badPackedRefEntry`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an invalid entry.

`badPackedRefHeader`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an invalid
	header.

`badParentSha1`::
	(ERROR) A commit object has a bad parent sha1.

`badRefContent`::
	(ERROR) A ref has bad content.

`badRefFiletype`::
	(ERROR) A ref has a bad file type.

`badRefName`::
	(ERROR) A ref has an invalid format.

`badReferentName`::
	(ERROR) The referent name of a symref is invalid.

`badTagName`::
	(INFO) A tag has an invalid format.

`badTimezone`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid time zone in an author/committer line.

`badTree`::
	(ERROR) A tree cannot be parsed.

`badTreeSha1`::
	(ERROR) A tree has an invalid format.

`badType`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid object type.

`duplicateEntries`::
	(ERROR) A tree contains duplicate file entries.

`emptyName`::
	(WARN) A path contains an empty name.

`extraHeaderEntry`::
	(IGNORE) Extra headers found after `tagger`.

`fullPathname`::
	(WARN) A path contains the full path starting with "/".

`gitattributesBlob`::
	(ERROR) A non-blob found at `.gitattributes`.

`gitattributesLarge`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitattributes` blob is too large.

`gitattributesLineLength`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitattributes` blob contains too long lines.

`gitattributesMissing`::
	(ERROR) Unable to read `.gitattributes` blob.

`gitattributesSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.gitattributes` is a symlink.

`gitignoreSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.gitignore` is a symlink.

`gitmodulesBlob`::
	(ERROR) A non-blob found at `.gitmodules`.

`gitmodulesLarge`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitmodules` file is too large to parse.

`gitmodulesMissing`::
	(ERROR) Unable to read `.gitmodules` blob.

`gitmodulesName`::
	(ERROR) A submodule name is invalid.

`gitmodulesParse`::
	(INFO) Could not parse `.gitmodules` blob.

`gitmodulesLarge`;
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` blob is too large to parse.

`gitmodulesPath`::
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` path is invalid.

`gitmodulesSymlink`::
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` is a symlink.

`gitmodulesUpdate`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid submodule update setting.

`gitmodulesUrl`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid submodule url.

`hasDot`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `.`.

`hasDotdot`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `..`.

`hasDotgit`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `.git`.

`largePathname`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry with a very long path name. If
	the value of `fsck.largePathname` contains a colon, that value
	is used as the maximum allowable length (e.g., "warn:10" would
	complain about any path component of 11 or more bytes). The
	default value is 4096.

`mailmapSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.mailmap` is a symlink.

`missingAuthor`::
	(ERROR) Author is missing.

`missingCommitter`::
	(ERROR) Committer is missing.

`missingEmail`::
	(ERROR) Email is missing in an author/committer line.

`missingNameBeforeEmail`::
	(ERROR) Missing name before an email in an author/committer line.

`missingObject`::
	(ERROR) Missing `object` line in tag object.

`missingSpaceBeforeDate`::
	(ERROR) Missing space before date in an author/committer line.

`missingSpaceBeforeEmail`::
	(ERROR) Missing space before the email in an author/committer line.

`missingTag`::
	(ERROR) Unexpected end after `type` line in a tag object.

`missingTagEntry`::
	(ERROR) Missing `tag` line in a tag object.

`missingTaggerEntry`::
	(INFO) Missing `tagger` line in a tag object.

`missingTree`::
	(ERROR) Missing `tree` line in a commit object.

`missingType`::
	(ERROR) Invalid type value on the `type` line in a tag object.

`missingTypeEntry`::
	(ERROR) Missing `type` line in a tag object.

`multipleAuthors`::
	(ERROR) Multiple author lines found in a commit.

`nulInCommit`::
	(WARN) Found a NUL byte in the commit object body.

`nulInHeader`::
	(FATAL) NUL byte exists in the object header.

`nullSha1`::
	(WARN) Tree contains entries pointing to a null sha1.

`packedRefEntryNotTerminated`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an entry that is
	not terminated by a newline.

`packedRefUnsorted`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file is not sorted.

`refMissingNewline`::
	(INFO) A loose ref that does not end with newline(LF). As
	valid implementations of Git never created such a loose ref
	file, it may become an error in the future. Report to the
	git@vger.kernel.org mailing list if you see this error, as
	we need to know what tools created such a file.

`symlinkRef`::
	(INFO) A symbolic link is used as a symref. Report to the
	git@vger.kernel.org mailing list if you see this error, as we
	are assessing the feasibility of dropping the support to drop
	creating symbolic links as symrefs.

`symrefTargetIsNotARef`::
	(INFO) The target of a symbolic reference points neither to
	a root reference nor to a reference starting with "refs/".
	Although we allow create a symref pointing to the referent which
	is outside the "ref" by using `git symbolic-ref`, we may tighten
	the rule in the future. Report to the git@vger.kernel.org
	mailing list if you see this error, as we need to know what tools
	created such a file.

`trailingRefContent`::
	(INFO) A loose ref has trailing content. As valid implementations
	of Git never created such a loose ref file, it may become an
	error in the future. Report to the git@vger.kernel.org mailing
	list if you see this error, as we need to know what tools
	created such a file.

`treeNotSorted`::
	(ERROR) A tree is not properly sorted.

`unknownType`::
	(ERROR) Found an unknown object type.

`unterminatedHeader`::
	(FATAL) Missing end-of-line in the object header.

`zeroPaddedDate`::
	(ERROR) Found a zero padded date in an author/committer line.

`zeroPaddedFilemode`::
	(WARN) Found a zero padded filemode in a tree.

Commit message:

packed-backend: fsck should warn when "packed-refs" file is empty
During fsck, an empty "packed-refs" gives an error; this is unwarranted.
The runtime code paths would accept an empty "packed-refs" file, such as
"create_snapshot" would simply return the "snapshot" without checking
the content of "packed-refs".

And we should also skip checking the content of "packed-refs" when it is
empty during fsck. However, we should think about whether we need to
report something to the users in this case.

After 694b7a1999 (repack_without_ref(): write peeled refs in the
rewritten file, 2013-04-22), we would always write a header into the
"packed-refs" file where we would never create empty file since then.
Because we only create empty "packed-refs" in the very early versions,
we may tighten this rule in the future. In order to notify the users
about this, we should at least report an warning to the users.

But we need to consider the fsck message type carefully, it is not
appropriate that we use "FSCK_ERROR". This is because we would
definitely break the compatibility. Let's create a "FSCK_INFO" message
id EMPTY_PACKED_REFS_FILE" to indicate that "packed-refs" is empty.

Signed-off-by: shejialuo <shejialuo@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

Documentation/fsck-msgids.adoc, after:

`badDate`::
	(ERROR) Invalid date format in an author/committer line.

`badDateOverflow`::
	(ERROR) Invalid date value in an author/committer line.

`badEmail`::
	(ERROR) Invalid email format in an author/committer line.

`badFilemode`::
	(INFO) A tree contains a bad filemode entry.

`badName`::
	(ERROR) An author/committer name is empty.

`badObjectSha1`::
	(ERROR) An object has a bad sha1.

`badPackedRefEntry`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an invalid entry.

`badPackedRefHeader`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an invalid
	header.

`badParentSha1`::
	(ERROR) A commit object has a bad parent sha1.

`badRefContent`::
	(ERROR) A ref has bad content.

`badRefFiletype`::
	(ERROR) A ref has a bad file type.

`badRefName`::
	(ERROR) A ref has an invalid format.

`badReferentName`::
	(ERROR) The referent name of a symref is invalid.

`badTagName`::
	(INFO) A tag has an invalid format.

`badTimezone`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid time zone in an author/committer line.

`badTree`::
	(ERROR) A tree cannot be parsed.

`badTreeSha1`::
	(ERROR) A tree has an invalid format.

`badType`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid object type.

`duplicateEntries`::
	(ERROR) A tree contains duplicate file entries.

`emptyName`::
	(WARN) A path contains an empty name.

`emptyPackedRefsFile`::
	(INFO) "packed-refs" file is empty. Report to the
	git@vger.kernel.org mailing list if you see this error. As only
	very early versions of Git would create such an empty
	"packed_refs" file, we might tighten this rule in the future.

`extraHeaderEntry`::
	(IGNORE) Extra headers found after `tagger`.

`fullPathname`::
	(WARN) A path contains the full path starting with "/".

`gitattributesBlob`::
	(ERROR) A non-blob found at `.gitattributes`.

`gitattributesLarge`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitattributes` blob is too large.

`gitattributesLineLength`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitattributes` blob contains too long lines.

`gitattributesMissing`::
	(ERROR) Unable to read `.gitattributes` blob.

`gitattributesSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.gitattributes` is a symlink.

`gitignoreSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.gitignore` is a symlink.

`gitmodulesBlob`::
	(ERROR) A non-blob found at `.gitmodules`.

`gitmodulesLarge`::
	(ERROR) The `.gitmodules` file is too large to parse.

`gitmodulesMissing`::
	(ERROR) Unable to read `.gitmodules` blob.

`gitmodulesName`::
	(ERROR) A submodule name is invalid.

`gitmodulesParse`::
	(INFO) Could not parse `.gitmodules` blob.

`gitmodulesLarge`;
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` blob is too large to parse.

`gitmodulesPath`::
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` path is invalid.

`gitmodulesSymlink`::
	(ERROR) `.gitmodules` is a symlink.

`gitmodulesUpdate`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid submodule update setting.

`gitmodulesUrl`::
	(ERROR) Found an invalid submodule url.

`hasDot`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `.`.

`hasDotdot`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `..`.

`hasDotgit`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry named `.git`.

`largePathname`::
	(WARN) A tree contains an entry with a very long path name. If
	the value of `fsck.largePathname` contains a colon, that value
	is used as the maximum allowable length (e.g., "warn:10" would
	complain about any path component of 11 or more bytes). The
	default value is 4096.

`mailmapSymlink`::
	(INFO) `.mailmap` is a symlink.

`missingAuthor`::
	(ERROR) Author is missing.

`missingCommitter`::
	(ERROR) Committer is missing.

`missingEmail`::
	(ERROR) Email is missing in an author/committer line.

`missingNameBeforeEmail`::
	(ERROR) Missing name before an email in an author/committer line.

`missingObject`::
	(ERROR) Missing `object` line in tag object.

`missingSpaceBeforeDate`::
	(ERROR) Missing space before date in an author/committer line.

`missingSpaceBeforeEmail`::
	(ERROR) Missing space before the email in an author/committer line.

`missingTag`::
	(ERROR) Unexpected end after `type` line in a tag object.

`missingTagEntry`::
	(ERROR) Missing `tag` line in a tag object.

`missingTaggerEntry`::
	(INFO) Missing `tagger` line in a tag object.

`missingTree`::
	(ERROR) Missing `tree` line in a commit object.

`missingType`::
	(ERROR) Invalid type value on the `type` line in a tag object.

`missingTypeEntry`::
	(ERROR) Missing `type` line in a tag object.

`multipleAuthors`::
	(ERROR) Multiple author lines found in a commit.

`nulInCommit`::
	(WARN) Found a NUL byte in the commit object body.

`nulInHeader`::
	(FATAL) NUL byte exists in the object header.

`nullSha1`::
	(WARN) Tree contains entries pointing to a null sha1.

`packedRefEntryNotTerminated`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file contains an entry that is
	not terminated by a newline.

`packedRefUnsorted`::
	(ERROR) The "packed-refs" file is not sorted.

`refMissingNewline`::
	(INFO) A loose ref that does not end with newline(LF). As
	valid implementations of Git never created such a loose ref
	file, it may become an error in the future. Report to the
	git@vger.kernel.org mailing list if you see this error, as
	we need to know what tools created such a file.

`symlinkRef`::
	(INFO) A symbolic link is used as a symref. Report to the
	git@vger.kernel.org mailing list if you see this error, as we
	are assessing the feasibility of dropping the support to drop
	creating symbolic links as symrefs.

`symrefTargetIsNotARef`::
	(INFO) The target of a symbolic reference points neither to
	a root reference nor to a reference starting with "refs/".
	Although we allow create a symref pointing to the referent which
	is outside the "ref" by using `git symbolic-ref`, we may tighten
	the rule in the future. Report to the git@vger.kernel.org
	mailing list if you see this error, as we need to know what tools
	created such a file.

`trailingRefContent`::
	(INFO) A loose ref has trailing content. As valid implementations
	of Git never created such a loose ref file, it may become an
	error in the future. Report to the git@vger.kernel.org mailing
	list if you see this error, as we need to know what tools
	created such a file.

`treeNotSorted`::
	(ERROR) A tree is not properly sorted.

`unknownType`::
	(ERROR) Found an unknown object type.

`unterminatedHeader`::
	(FATAL) Missing end-of-line in the object header.

`zeroPaddedDate`::
	(ERROR) Found a zero padded date in an author/committer line.

`zeroPaddedFilemode`::
	(WARN) Found a zero padded filemode in a tree.
